This is work done by Naomi O'Meara (age 9) and Brian (age 36) as part of a Christmas present for Naomi's brother Emmett:  a color changing flashlight. If you are reading this before Dec. 25, 2015, please don't tell him and spoil the surprise!

The instructions and most of the code come from [Dan Rasmussen](http://makezine.com/author/dan-rasmussen/) on [Make Magazine](http://makezine.com/projects/million-color-hsl-flashlight/). We are using a [Trinket Pro 5V](https://learn.adafruit.com/introducing-pro-trinket) instead of the Arduino Pro Mini used in the initial build.

We tried using a rotary encoder rather than the ten position switch in the original project, but example code from a variety of sources didn't seem to recognize its inputs (suggesting we wired it up poorly). We tried two potentiometers: the first didn't seem to be sending input; on checking it, we found the resistance was constant, suggesting a physical issue. A second one only had resistance change over half its travel, but we still couldn't seem to get the project to recognize its input (i.e., to change color). A push button did work: we could change mode after pushing it, but it seemed a bit random: push once, and jump a few modes, push again and no reaction, etc. We tried debouncing the input but that didn't seem to work. So now we have programmed the flashlight to choose a mode at random with startup, using an unconnected pin as a random number seed. We have also simplified the flashlight modes: it now chooses randomly from white, only red (his favorite color), a smoothly changing rainbow with all the LEDs the same color throughout, or a rainbow that races around the wheel.

One other issue we've had: the Trinket Pro starts up with battery power, and will light a single LED (we had one in our rotary encoder) but it won't run the color wheel (a NeoPixel clone -- made a mistake and ordered a clone on Amazon, not the Adafruit one) on battery, only USB. We've tried both a 9V battery and 8 AA batteries together with the same result (the Trinket Pro can take up to 16 V input, and outputs 5 V out). Given limited time between when we discovered this issue and when the present is due, we haven't fixed it (yet): we (well, Naomi) have drilled a hole in the back of the flashlight housing and routed a microUSB cable through it, to a USB adaptor for a wall plug. The current thinking is that Emmett can plug it in his room and have a light show. The bonus of this arrangement is that it's pretty easy to upload new code (still need to reach in to hit the reset button) so we can add new light patterns.

One cool feature we hadn't planned on: the Trinket takes a few seconds from turning on to when it starts the flashlight, but during this time it blinks a remarkably bright red LED. The case we used thus glows and blinks during start up, which should be exciting.

This is our first real Arduino-compatible project.
